[mercedesme] HTTP 429 handling and new authorization flow (#19099)
openhab/openhab-addons: bundles/org.openhab.binding.mercedesme/README.md

The Mercedes Me binding is based on the API of the Smartphone App.
You have an account which is associated to one or more vehicles.

> Setup the Mercedes Me Account Bridge with your email address and password.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Setup the Mercedes Me Account Bridge with your e-mail address and password.
```

Author: Really :)
I'm now briefed from my last binding mspa by @lsiepel to use email, not EMail or something like that

Reviewer: I stand corrected: https://www.grammarly.com/blog/emailing/spelling-e-mail-email/. Apparently both are correct, and I'm too old-fashioned to have really noticed the "new" form without hyphen becoming accepted. 😄
